
# Disclaimer(s)
All news, research, commentary and other information (“Information”) provided by Plutus21 Crypto Capital, L.L.C. (“Plutus21”) or its affiliates have been prepared solely for informative purposes and should not be the basis for making investment decisions or be construed as a recommendation to engage in investment transactions or be taken to suggest an investment strategy in respect of any financial instruments or the issuers thereof. The Information has not been prepared in accordance with the legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research. Information provided is not related to the provision of advisory services regarding investment, tax, legal, financial, accounting, consulting or any other related services and is not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold any asset. Information is based on sources considered to be reliable, but not guaranteed, to be accurate or complete. The financials presented in this report are not audited by a third-party firm. They are subject to changes and amendments, including to but not limited to, changes in accounting treatment or reallocations. Any opinions or estimates expressed herein reflect a judgment made as of the date of publication and are subject to change without notice. Trading and investing in digital assets involves significant risks including price volatility and illiquidity and may not be suitable for all investors. Plutus21 and its affiliates' trade and hold positions in digital assets and may now or in the future trade or hold a position in an asset that is the subject of Information provided. As a result, Plutus21 or its affiliates may be subject to certain conflicts of interest in connection with the provision of Information. Plutus21 will not be liable whatsoever for any direct or consequential loss arising from the use of this Information.